Dashboard
Programs
Inbox
logo
hacker_78t
logo
Public
Open
Manufacturing - Consumer
Rivian
/
Rivian Bug Bounty
/
Detail
Detail Updates 6 Leaderboard
Description
Rivian exists to create products and services that help our planet transition to carbon neutral energy and transportation. Rivian designs, develops, and manufactures category-defining electric vehicles and accessories and sells them directly to customers in the consumer and commercial markets. Rivian complements its vehicles with a full suite of proprietary, value-added services that address the entire lifecycle of the vehicle and deepen its customer relationships.

Bounties
Give feedback
Low
0.1 - 3.9
Medium
4.0 - 6.9
High
7.0 - 8.9
Critical
9.0 - 9.4
Exceptional
9.5 - 10.0
Tier 1
$
150
700
2,000
5,000
5,000
Tier 2
$
100
350
1,500
3,500
3,500
View changes
Rules of engagement
Give feedback
@intigriti.me
Required
User agent
Not applicable
Automated tooling
Not applicable
Request header
X-Intigriti-Username: <Your Username>
By participating in this program, you agree to:
Respect the Community Code of Conduct
Respect the Intigriti Terms and Conditions
Respect the terms at Rivian Cybersecurity Vulnerabilities
You may not participate in this program if you are ordinarily resident in, or located in, any country or region subject to comprehensive sanctions, or if you are an individual or entity identified on any applicable sanctions list (including those administered by OFAC, the EU, the UN, or the UK's OFSI).
Respect the scope of the program
You are not currently, nor have you been an employee/under contract of Rivian, or any of its subsidiaries, within 6 months prior to submitting a report.
You are neither a family nor household member of any individual who currently or within the past 6 months meets or met the criteria listed in the bullet point directly above
Not discuss or disclose vulnerability information without prior written consent (including, but not limited to, PoC's on YouTube and Vimeo)
Rivian participates in Safe Harbor
Safe Harbor
Rivian will not initiate legal action under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act ("CFAA"), Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), or similar law against you nor request law enforcement to investigate you for activities conducted in a manner consistent with the Program Rules, the Rivian Terms, and the Intigriti Community Code of Conduct and Researcher Terms and Conditions.

Validation times

We will validate all submissions within the below timelines, once your submission has been verified by Intigriti.
Submissions validated outside of this may be awarded a $25 bonus.

Vulnerability Severity	Time to validate
Exceptional	2 Working days
Critical	2 Working days
High	5 Working days
Medium	15 Working days
Low	15 Working days
This remains at the discretion of Rivian to award.

Check our fix
We offer up to $50 bonus to verify a resolved issue for us (when requested).
This remains at the discretion of Rivian to award.

View changes
Assets
Give feedback
tier	All
type	All
Filter text
https://business.rivian.com/api	URL	Tier 1
https://rivian.com/api/gql/content/graphql	URL	Tier 1
https://rivian.com/api/gql/gateway/graphql	URL	Tier 1
https://rivian.com/api/gql/orders/graphql	URL	Tier 1
*.rivian.com	Wildcard	Tier 2
1570215232	iOS	Tier 2
basecamp.rivian.com	URL	Tier 2
com.rivian.android.consumer	Android	Tier 2
rivian.com	URL	Tier 2
assets.rivian.com	URL	Out of scope
careers.rivian.com	URL	Out of scope
demovehicles.rivian.com	URL	Out of scope
feedback.rivian.com	URL	Out of scope
internalshop.rivian.com	URL	Out of scope
media.rivian.com	URL	Out of scope
stories.rivian.com	URL	Out of scope
view.e.rivian.com	URL	Out of scope
View changes
In scope
Give feedback
Introduction

Welcome to our Bug Bounty Program! We are rigorously working behind the scenes, cleaning up known issues in our software systems, but we are aware that there could be other undiscovered vulnerabilities. As part of our commitment to ensure the safety and privacy of our vehicles and customers, we are extending an invitation to skilled individuals to assist us in identifying these vulnerabilities.

Our worst-case scenarios are:

The scenarios that worry us the most revolve around the safety of our drivers and the integrity of our vehicles. Some of these scenarios include but are not limited to:

Remote control of vehicle systems: Any vulnerability that could allow unauthorized remote control of any vehicle systems. Keep in mind, the vehicles themselves are not part of this Bug Bounty program.

Privacy invasion: Vulnerabilities that could allow unauthorized access to private user data stored in our systems, including but not limited to personal identification information, location data, or payment details.

Disruption of communication: Any bugs that could interrupt communication between the vehicle and the central control system, potentially leaving vehicles isolated or unresponsive to vital updates and commands.

Any useful infrastructure information:

Business Site
Business portal (https://business.rivian.com) is used to support our Fleet customers. This application requires Fleet credentials which a general commercial customer would not have. The primary testing for this domain is the authentication/authorization of the publicly available endpoints.

Basecamp
Basecamp (basecamp.rivian.com) is an externally exposed portal for Rivian partners. We do not provide an option for customers or security researchers to create credentials for authenticated testing. Rather the scope of testing for this domain is authentication bypass.

Feedback
Would you like to help us improve our program or have some feedback to share, please send your anonymous feedback here:

Program feedback link
Please note this form will be checked periodically and should not be used for submission or support queries.

View changes
Out of scope
Give feedback
Third party infrastructure and redirects are out of scope and not eligible for bounty. Eg:
careers.rivian.com
media.rivian.com
stories.rivian.com
demovehicles.rivian.com
cloud.e.rivian.com
view.e.rivian.com
feedback.rivian.com
internalshop.rivian.com
Temporary Out-of-Scope - Vulnerabilities temporarily excluded while root cause analysis is in progress:
Cache Poisoning DoS
Application
API key disclosure without proven business impact
Wordpress usernames disclosure
Captcha Bypass
Pre-Auth Account takeover/OAuth squatting
Reflected-XSS without demonstrable impact
Self-XSS that can't be used to exploit other users
Verbose messages/files/directory listings without disclosing any sensitive information
CORS misconfiguration on non-sensitive endpoints
Missing cookie flags
Username enumeration
Missing security headers
Cross-site Request Forgery with no or low impact
Presence of autocomplete attribute on web forms
Reverse tabnabbing
Bypassing rate-limits or the non-existence of rate-limits.
Best practices violations (password complexity, expiration, re-use, etc.)
Clickjacking without proven impact/unrealistic user interaction
CSV Injection
Sessions not being invalidated (logout, enabling 2FA, etc.)
Tokens leaked to third parties
Anything related to email spoofing, SPF, DMARC or DKIM
Content injection without being able to modify the HTML
Email bombing
HTTP Request smuggling without any proven impact
Homograph attacks
XMLRPC enabled
Banner grabbing/Version disclosure
Not stripping metadata of files
Same-site scripting
Subdomain takeover
Arbitrary file upload without proof of the existence of the uploaded file
Blind SSRF without proven business impact (pingbacks aren't sufficient)
Disclosed/misconfigured API keys (Maps, DD Monitoring, etc.)
Host header injection without proven business impact
General
In case that a reported vulnerability was already known to the company from their own tests, it will be flagged as a duplicate
Theoretical security issues with no realistic exploit scenario(s) or attack surfaces, or issues that would require complex end user interactions to be exploited
Spam, social engineering and physical intrusion
DoS/DDoS attacks or brute force attacks (eg: GQL Alias overloading, GQL Query depth, etc.)
Vulnerabilities that only work on software that no longer receive security updates
Attacks requiring physical access to a victim's computer/device, man in the middle or compromised user accounts
Recently discovered zero-day vulnerabilities found in in-scope assets within 14 days after the public release of a patch or mitigation may be reported, but are usually not eligible for a bounty
Reports that state that software is out of date/vulnerable without a proof-of-concept
Mobile
Shared links leaked through the system clipboard
Any URIs leaked because a malicious app has permission to view URIs opened
The absence of certificate pinning
Sensitive data in URLs/request bodies when protected by TLS
Lack of obfuscation
Path disclosure in the binary
Lack of jailbreak & root detection
Crashes due to malformed URL Schemes
Lack of binary protection (anti-debugging) controls, mobile SSL pinning
Snapshot/Pasteboard leakage
Runtime hacking exploits (exploits only possible in a jailbroken environment)
API key leakage used for insensitive activities/actions
View changes
Severity assessment
Give feedback
This program follows Intigriti's triage standards

View changes
FAQ
Give feedback
Where can we get credentials for the app?
You can self-register on the application but please don't forget to use your @intigriti.me address.

Go to https://rivian.com/connect/tell-us-more
Provide name, phone, zip and a valid email, please use your @intigriti.me address and click submit
Navigate to https://rivian.com/auth/forgot and enter the email you used to sign up
Check your email for a message from Rivian and click the "Confirm Email" link.
You will be redirected to an account creation page. Type in a password.
Click "Create Account"
Enter the One-Time Password (OTP) sent to your email to verify your account.
Once verified, your Rivian account will be successfully created.

View changes
Want to participate?
Feel free to join in, this is a public program
This program is publicly available to all researchers. Good luck and happy hunting!
Create submission
View my submissions
Program actions
Follow program
Give feedback
Researchers
last contributors
logo
roarn
logo
miinee
logo
t_67
logo
albertobaslam
logo
tamtamlab
logo
random379
leaderboard
logo
testtter45
logo
arielracha96
logo
makaveli
logo
forexjoker
logo
noman181
logo
godiego
Overall stats
submissions received
508
average payout
$637
accepted submissions
90
total payouts
$61,775
Last 90 day response times
avg. time first response
< 2 weeks
avg. time to decide
+3 weeks
avg. time to triage
< 3 weeks
Activity
7/25
logo
robe24
created a submission
7/24
logo
Rivian
closed a submission
7/24
logo
Rivian
closed a submission
7/24
logo
ndkhai
created a submission
7/23
logo
Rivian
closed a submission
7/23
logo
roarn
created a submission
7/23
logo
miinee
created a submission
7/19
logo
czeppo
created a submission
7/19
logo
ward0
created a submission
7/17
logo
Rivian
closed a submission
© Copyright 2026 by intigriti
Report illegal content
Uptime & status
Legal information
Knowledge base
Terms & conditions
Cookie policy
Cookie settings
Privacy statement
